Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello. Mr. Robert
Johnny Roberts: Hello.
How are you
Johnny Roberts: Pretty good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you feeling
Johnny Roberts: Or can barely hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that better. Oh.
Johnny Roberts: So sorry but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I turned up my volume.
A little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Double check my staff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I am, all the way up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Input volume input volume.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's that, is that better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that better.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, it's barely hear you, I hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't have any output controls. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Johnny Roberts: Is it. How's the virus on your end of the country.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I don't know, I, if I don't go outside much so.
Johnny Roberts: This town down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They did.
Johnny Roberts: Not we were not we're not going somewhere coming back. We're not supposed to be outside the house we're supposed to be at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you handling that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I there.
Johnny Roberts: You there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Can you hear me now.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, a little bit better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze on me.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you feeling,
Johnny Roberts: I'm feeling great.
Johnny Roberts: Nice day
Johnny Roberts: Going to work on my trucker a few minutes, even though they told me I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even told you why you keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Breaking up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They
Johnny Roberts: told us not to be outside
Johnny Roberts: Stay home.
Johnny Roberts: Mobile crawl up underneath the truck. Tell them I AM home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't need to talk.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, deliver CV back here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's the weather, the sun's out, but how warm, is it
Johnny Roberts: It's like 80 something degrees here to talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, I wanted some of your weather.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want that warm weather 80 some odd degrees. Oh, you're gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost them will wait for him to come back. I'm going to stop recording until I get him back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can barely hear you just kind of breaking up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. I think the weather's messing with the internet probably overloading because everyone's at home on the computer, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's okay with you.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Any triggers or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any triggers or cravings this week.
Johnny Roberts: I barely hear your dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I said any triggers or cravings this week.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, everything's good in your world, then
Johnny Roberts: Yep, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In all the chaos Johnny's world is perfect.
Johnny Roberts: I love it, like it.
Johnny Roberts: Like a book.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You like a happy bug in a white rug.
Johnny Roberts: Rug
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: That's great. I'm just curious.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your dogs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Took off in the neighborhood.
Johnny Roberts: Groups have gone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dead, you know that you're supposed to stay at home.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She don't
Johnny Roberts: Know, she don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How has your emotions been
Johnny Roberts: How's my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Emotions
Johnny Roberts: I'm doing great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Well, I'm not gonna keep you because I can barely hear you. Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group.
Johnny Roberts: Do you see me right here which will probably shoot me.
Johnny Roberts: Have been wanting to that goal.
Johnny Roberts: Here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I hear nothing. I know. I don't know what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's okay. Then in in Johnny's world.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, we're doing just great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, if anything comes up and give us a call. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Okay, no problem. But the Sunshine here. It's not freezing at night. So I'm doing all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, Johnny. I'm gonna let you go.
Johnny Roberts: Alrighty.
Johnny Roberts: All right, you have
Johnny Roberts: A great day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too.
Johnny Roberts: And I will see you on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Friday night after tomorrow. Yes, sir. That's all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know. All right, all right, Johnny. I'll talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, for myself, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.